# 1


## Intro

hi everyone, it's wonderful to see you again, even if once more we're confined to this format.

This is going to be a quick class today, we're just going to go over the parameters of the course and do a few other things, but in general we're not going to use all three hours unless we're doing crit.

But before we get to that, welcome to 492! So what is this course? If we look at the trajectory of Studio Art courses at LC,
- Intro to medium-specific skills in 100 level
- Refine that in 200s
- Take a step back to thinking about the discourse in 311
- And interdisciplinary work in the 327 courses
- Hopefully 491 was a step toward establishing a studio art practice. That's something more than just making artwork, right?

What is a studio art practice? That doesn't have to be a complicated question, don't give me crickets. What did you learn in 491?
- trajectory
- language
- self-motivation
- self-promotion
- identity


Ok, great! So the good news is, there's nothing more to learn to 492. Kind of kidding. But the point of this course as I see it is really a transition into the post-graduation word of art making. And it does that primarily by giving you a real exhibition under your belt, and also by putting together all the supporting material that is necessary to navigate the world once you're out of here.

I'd resist the tendency to think of this course as the culmination of your artistic career at Lewis and Clark. That's too grandiose and it puts too much pressure on you to make this the be-all end-all. It's better if you leave here with a bit of dissatisfaction, because you need to be motivated to explore further.

I've tried to make the syllabus for this class as simple as possible. What we're doing is just fulfilling a set of professional development deliverables and critiquing each other's work.


## Syllabus

### Contract

I need to confirm some of these dates before you sign it, but that will happen in the next week or to. Signing it will be an assignment on Classroom.

### What questions do you have?


## Check-in

What I'd like to do now is to give you all a chance to check in. What I'd like to hear from each of you is where you are at in your practice:
- how senior reviews went for you
- what has happened since
- and what your direction is now

We're situating ourselves now. Next week, we are going to have a crit, and we're just going to talk about the work. So this is us kind of getting the narration out of the way and pointing forward.


## Due:
- Crit next week
- Advisor meeting scheduled
- Instagram account


== short break? ==


## Instagram
[workshop](workshops/social_media.md)
